hi everyone this is Jenny from spectrum
the war today I'm pretty excited because
I get to share with you a very special
card that I made for my son and his new
fiance who just got engaged at
Disneyland this past week so they love
Disney and I wanted to do a little
princess card for her so I want to show
you how I actually colored her dress and
got it to look layered where each fold
of her dress looks like once one layer
is in front of the other layer so that's
what we're gonna focus on today on this
card and we are going to go ahead and
get started
so here's Cinderella before I get
started quite often what I will do is I
try to figure out my color palette that
I'm going to use so what I did is I
pulled out a few of my pins that I
thought might work and I scribbled it on
paper so I have a bTW for the BT 3 a BT
2 and a BT 1 these two are pretty close
together so I don't think that I'm gonna
need both of them so I'm gonna go ahead
and use the for the three and the one
but obviously if you don't have a three
I'm sure a two would work just fine so
I'm gonna go ahead and get started on
here I'm gonna start off with my BT 4
because I usually start off with my
darkest color first I'm gonna turn my
little girl upside down because I like
to color with the point towards the line
so here I go I'm gonna add in some I
shaded on the back layer I want it wet
enough to where it still wet when I add
my next color however I don't want it
was so wet that it's gonna wick into the
other layer or the other area right in
here I'm gonna go ahead and add some
color here because this here is also a
back layer and pull it out just a little
bit not very far because I want a pretty
light colored dress but I do want to
have a little bit of shading there and
now I'm gonna go ahead and step down to
my BT 3 which is right here because this
is a very large area I'm gonna go ahead
and whoops and use my large nib a lot of
people say they never use their large
Nebel I do
especially for large areas you can see
it didn't blend very well because my bt4
had already dried not a problem it is a
large area so when I go back and add one
more layer in here you get a little bit
of wicking into the front layer that's
okay we can cover that up later you
don't want a whole lot but a little bit
would be just fine now I'm gonna reap
lend these together make sure this is
wet and then I'm gonna step down to my
BT one and I'm going to pull it on out
towards my highlight again I like to use
this big in for these big areas I change
back over to the small nib when I get
close to the line this is a pretty large
area so don't be afraid to use those
large nibs and now to get the little
nitty-gritty parts but go ahead and use
the small end and you can see how I got
right up next to the edge this is still
diluting as long as the ink is wet it's
still diluting so I don't want to over
blend this because then it's going to be
over blended that made sense you don't
want to overwork it because it'll be
over blended sorry there you go so
there's the dark part the first part of
her dress and now I'm going to work on
these little ruffles over here or folds
so I'm going to go ahead and do the same
thing by adding in my darkest color
first and don't color this one because
that's his leg
I made that mistake already once okay
there's my darkest color this is gonna
go much quicker because the areas are
much smaller here's my BT 3 and then I'm
going down to my BT 1 and I would do the
same thing with this little ruffle over
here
my BT 4 whoops that wasn't BT 4 this is
my BT 4 my BT 3 sometimes you don't have
enough room to put all three colors and
that's just fine on this one I'm just
going to leave my two colors could you
find that just a little bit more here
and now I'm going to work on this little
piece right here so I'm going to use my
darkest color back here and I'm going to
use a light layer of it on the front
part
I don't want it quite as dark as this
back layer back here but I want it
darker than the center in here here's my
three
and now go down to my one
and there you go that's how I got the
layering of her dress you can see it's
definitely defined right here and it
gets lighter as it came out comes out to
here this is actually still wet if you
want it to be a little bit darker you
can add a little bit more of your medium
color in there and then reap lend it
I think I like that a little bit better
so anyways that's how I did my
Cinderella dress I hope you enjoyed it
and come back for more tutorials have a
great day